Author,
Will they take my tutoring code seriously?
Appropriate amount of content, come on, come on, if you feel like asking,
When I asked you to go on a blind date,
You can't
Later, I asked you to open your eyes to the words,
You were also held captive by me,
existence, um, um,
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well,
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well,
You can go to Langhe, go to Langhe
Then let's go to the river
Pay attention
Anyway, this kind of imitation
I can't stand disappearing
You have lived abroad since childhood
Never been in love again
Anyway, more tours and shows
Didn’t come to visit the West
Better than me, a mother, you go after your mother
You gun, don't be romantic, otherwise
The front step of the Shen family
Of course I won’t go
In the end, it will be a small trip upstream.
Three-part trip
Only the person you like
Because we are very out?
It's obvious that I like the person
But my second act at home
It must be like the Shen family
Now give me a room gift to waste
I'm going to review the price and propose marriage in person today.